hello turns it 's back to
victor yale makeup so this is a
simple makeup so we have to unify the
eyelid and we made a dash
eye liner with blue eyeshadow
night suffers aurassi inside so
I mainly worked with the
pallet paris from sigma and waltz
so pallet of urban decay that justice
it's very very simple to do
I hope you like it, it says change
orianne that I usually do
I usually put everything on my face
eyelids so according to mobile stone here
I really wanted to emphasize the island
really do a cat's eye if you
really want in the eyes
how I say had the good
the long well deserved it is really the
makeup that you need the blosne and
you can replace with all
colors that you want for example the
spring and varied you can the
pity you replace it with green blue
turquoise
finally really you can adapt it
as you want - the prices of the blue
night because today I was
dressed in nude blue simply
finally here girls volleyball is
that he says nothing then as usual
I apply a base so always the
penven of evil when anne minh you reread
and I track the entire eyelid
and I make sure in my right hand
inferior seen how to put makeup on
eyelids to follow while they
hold all day
so when these do I use the
urban ride dickey and I come
take the anonymous lighthouse that justifies
if with a fluffy brush like these
and come back unified all the eyelid
mobile is the fixed eyelid to avoid
to see the veins or and that was the end
imperfections that adventure
the eyelid to have a clean cut
always from the aespa lehto takes the lighthouse
lists with a liability did it as
this is May 25 at sigma and
I come to trace the hollow of the eye
just to say to support as long as the
look
so now i'm going to come traced out my
Elsewhere I will not give you
explanations now if you want
you do a tutorial to link it
will start ringing again liner treats
let me know in the comments in
below the video
so either to draw my liner I am
take the precise mask from mary lyn
I think so, that's it's a tip
fine like these which is pretty accurate
and so I come to trace our emails and
our
we see there the line of liner and racé
now we are going to come take a
fine brush so like these and the
see scene of the palette paris of chez
sigma so with this finally think aside
the previous rat poison
So here is that it makes it okay
applied a crime month in the lining
of the eye so me it's him apply
currently these places this guy who helped
at catherine which is very very fat
so they really quite fluently they
so now take care of the past
the mascara stage had to apply it and I
come right now here are the judges
apply and my mascara so that's
dior iconic dior shoah of dior that is
right here in blush I applied my
new baby is the plug in home
chanel so in frivolous hues he is
beautiful village expect spring
just for pity a little bit
every day it is beautiful
I learned that then for the blades 3
remains pretty secret and I'm going to apply
a gloss of naughty checchi to more than
color
unfortunately I'm sorry so he
is like this gérard besson madeira
here is the tutorial is over the
spa files that will have pleased you in everything
case it is easy to achieve when one
knows how to handle liner well I find
that he has that sophisticated if you want
to do a little more festive to go out or
sum you can add
glitter will he have a looter finally
really customize it as you
So you want that's who I leave you
and I tell you very well about you
thank for his leaf